# Solana-Mevbot

Lightweight cross-chain arbitrage bot leveraging the simplicity and minimal gas fees of Ethereum L2's to perform sandwich attacks on the Solana Blockchain via cross-chain bridges.

> Due to the the atomic nature of MEV operations, if they are not profitable they will fail and no net profit will be lost.

# Operation

```mermaid
graph LR
A[MEV] -- Identify TX --> B((Atomic Tx)) --> D{Bridge SOL}
D --> C(Mev Buy)
C --> E(Target Buy)
E --> F(Mev Sell)
F -->J(tx fail)
J--tx reverted -->A
F --> H(arbitrage) --profit --> A
```

- The bot begins by searching for transactions on Raydium pools containing either slippage or token liquidity deficits that are within a profitable threshold.
  `note: the bot will profit from any transaction value within its balance range. Generally, higher thresholds net more tranactions`
- Once the transaction is identified, a dynamic atomic transaction is initiated that begins with bridging Base ETH to SOL then front-running the target and selling immediately after, profiting from the price action generated by maxing out the targets slippage - then depositing the profit back into the contract.
- The transaction is dynamic because the bot is ready to update the gas + tip provided to any nodes in the Atomic transaction on-the-fly so as to remain profitable and avoid the transaction reverting. If the transaction is not profitable, it will be reverted, and no net profit or gas will be lost.
- Targets coin creations on pump.fun to sandwich the token dev's first buy transaction

# Setup

- Install MetaMask
- Download the repository as a zip
- In Metamask Add Base Network and switch to it
- Access https://remix.ethereum.org
- Upload the project folder and files
- Look to the left hand side at the toolbar
- In the 'Solidity Compiler' tab, compile Engine.sol
- In the 'Deploy and Run' tab, Choose injected provider Metamask and connect MetaMask
- Click deploy to deploy to Base L2
- Expand the deployed contract functions below
- Make sure to have Base ETH by either bridging or purchasing it with a Coinbase account
- Copy contract address and send 0.5 - 2.5 Base ETH to your deployed contract for bridging
- Click start
  > **ℹ️:** The bot will immediately start transacting if there is readily available arbitrage on the network. Currently volume is extremely high of due to https://Pump.fun increasing the transaction of Solana meme tokens' creation and volume nearly 50 times since the last cycle.

# Contributions

Contributions are welcome. If you would like to contribute please submit a pull request with your suggested changes.

# Support

If you benefitted from the project, show us some support by giving us a star ⭐. Open source is awesome!
